Partially revert "fix voting on multiple roles behavior description" due to CVE-2020-5275 (#13457)
symfony/symfony-docs: security/access_control.rst

* ``roles`` If the user does not have the given role, then access is denied
  (internally, an :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Security\\Core\\Exception\\AccessDeniedException`
  is thrown). If this value is an array of multiple roles, the user must have:
  
  * at least one of them when using the default ``affirmative`` strategy.

>   * more granted than denied roles when using the ``consensus`` strategy.

Reviewer: Depending on the config it could also be "at least as many granted as denied", but that's probably a bit pedantic :D

Author: I know, so revised `affirmative` description in https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs/blob/4.4/components/security/authorization.rst#access-decision-manager

* ``roles`` If the user does not have the given role, then access is denied
  (internally, an :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Security\\Core\\Exception\\AccessDeniedException`
  is thrown). If this value is an array of multiple roles, the user must have
  at least one of them (when using the default ``affirmative`` strategy in the
  :ref:`Access Decision Manager <components-security-access-decision-manager>`)

>   or all of them when using the ``unanimous`` strategy;

Reviewer: I like the idea, but can we change the formatting to something like:
```suggestion
  * at least one of them when using the default ``affirmative`` strategy
  * all of them when using the ``unanimous`` strategy
in the :ref:`Access Decision Manager <components-security-access-decision-manager>`.
```
